How is my hand?
Report to the national teacher
His Majesty's is Hua Gu San
It works really fast.
This is no ordinary poison
Those who are not high cannot live
Fortunately I was in time
It's okay now
only
I am afraid that the emperor's body will retreat in the future
Did the emperor eat anything strange today?
The emperor never ate a grain of rice today
The emperor said
What did the emperor say?
Today, I am waiting to eat the lotus cooked by the concubine herself
Don't you have an appetite for the soup?
Concubine Ji, do you have anything else to say?
This palace does not have
This palace really doesn't have it.
This lotus seed is personally cooked by one person in this palace
No one passed by halfway through
How can it be poisonous?
It really doesn't look like the poison from Concubine Ji Gui
Sister, who do you think poisoned it?
Ji Guifei, are you afraid that you are not confessing?
No.
It shouldn't be.
This palace did not poison
This palace really didn't poison
Muze
You believe in the mother, right?
How could the mother concubine harm your father?
Wu Ze immediately ordered
Check the matter out
Emperor Manfei
Emperor
Your Majesty, you must believe in the concubine
How could the concubine harm you?
Emperor
I don't believe in concubines
Come
Zhang Wanfei fell into the cold
No intention
Do not leave the cold palace for half a step
And don't make the first prince's nuts
From Now On
All the memorials
It's all wrapped up in front of me
Harrick has repeatedly rebelled at this house
Hot staggered
Within three days from now on
Everyone who takes over the family
Heads falling